Add official documentation (#40)
apache/skywalking-infra-e2e: docs/en/concepts-and-designs/project-goals.md

# Design Goals
The document outlines the core design goals for the SkyWalking Infra E2E project.

> - Keep the feature parity with the existing E2E framework in SkyWalking main repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support various E2e testing requirements in SkyWalking main repository with other ecosystem repositories.
```

Reviewer: The current e2e testing is not available any more after we finish the replacement.

- Support both [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) and [KinD](https://kind.sigs.k8s.io/) to orchestrate the tested services 
  under different environments.

> - Get rid of the heavy `Java/Maven` stack, which exists in the current E2E; be language-independent as much as possible, 
>   users only need to configure YAMLs and run commands, without writing codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Be language-independent as much as possible, users only need to configure YAMLs and run commands, without writing codes.
```
